>> Speaker 1: We've kind of got this
exercize just using that exact same thing.
So we've got this image
source set exercise here.
And we can kind of see, this is a really
cool service called placeholder.
The reason I like it is because
it actually when you call,
you can pass in any numbers to the URL,
which we'll see in a second.
And it will just generate an image of
that size exactly, just dynamically.
And it'll actually write
the image size in here.
So we'll see how this works in a second.
But you can see if I'm on this
tiny screen and I refresh,
I'm loading a 3200 pixel wide, 1200 pixel
tall image, which is a pretty big waste.
So in order to work on this one,
what we're gonna want to do
is go into our code editor.
And we're gonna wanna look for
a file called srcset.pug, and
everything we really need to be able
to implement it should be here.
So you can see how these
URLs are generated, right.
It's just these two numbers that you
need to change, width and height.
So if I were to make this 100 and
make 100 and
then just go refresh the page,
you would see a 100 by 100.
So this is the surface that does that for
you.
And so what we want here is we
want an image that has a couple,
maybe three different sizes to it.
So if it's on a really small screen,
we're great, we're serving a small image.
Medium medium, and large large.
So yeah,
we'll just take a few minutes, kind of
implement that together off the slides.
The other thing that I think will
be really interesting to check out.
Once you have the source sets working,
try to shrink and
reload the screen, and
see when it does do a a new fetch and
when it doesn't do a new fetch,
cuz I think it's pretty interesting.
So you should always be able to
always tell which image is loading,
cuz it will have it written here.
But it's kind of interesting to me when
it decides to and not to do a new fetch.
So we'll take a couple minutes and
do that, and
then we'll go over it all together.